did we get a good we get well we did a
lot of stuff this week but I have to say
even though I was having a perfectly
good time this weekend at one point I
wished I could come into work and go
straight on in the air because Donald
Trump you know that guy okay
our president Donald Jumma G Trump said
something on Friday the mic top all of
the things he said all the the best
words stable genius cough FA all of them
may pale in comparison to what he shared
on Friday at the White House's small
business roundtable event we have a
situation where we're looking very
strongly at sinks and showers and other
elements of bathrooms where you turn the
faucet on in areas where there's
tremendous amounts of water where the
water rushes out to sea because you
could never handle it and you don't get
any water you turn on the faucet you
don't get any water they take a shower
and water comes dripping out it's
clipping out very quietly dripping out
washing toilets 10 times 15 times as
opposed to once 15 times what are you
eating
the only time you flush a toilet 15
times as if the DEA is banging on your
door do you have a kilo of cocaine up
you that's not normal he instructed the
head of the EPA to look into this can
you imagine you're the head of the
Environmental Protection Agency you get
a call from the president complaining
about the water pressure it's toilet
this is like if he called the Department
of Agriculture to have them replace a
divot on his golf course it's nuts but
apparently this is a big issue for anti
regulation conservatives and Trump is
embracing it even has a new campaign
slogan drain the toilet which not now
that the swamp is empty why not you know
I think it's important for us to
remember we may never see anything like
this ever again but the president spent
much of the weekend this weekend
training his cell phone he tweeted 105
times yesterday that's more than he
flushed this weekend okay
he tweeted he retweeted and he retweeted
himself I almost feel bad for his
supporters they had to spend the whole
day tapping like like like like like and
not only did he retweet he retweeted
this piece of work this photograph of
his head on Sylvester Stallone's body do
you think he knows that isn't him
anything like maybe he's so out of it he
thinks he posed for this picture
Trump's week is off to a rocky start -
there was more testimony in the house
today as we heard from lawyers for the
left and right who laid out their
arguments for and against impeachment
the attorney for the Republicans this
guy Steve castor he was the sad-looking
gentleman from the hearings a couple
weeks ago he showed up is it a good sign
when your lawyers briefcase is a grocery
stack I was hoping it was full of he had
notebooks in there and a lot of
incriminating kale chips but Republicans
tried to muck things up from the get-go
today they stopped the chairman of the
House Judiciary Committee Jerry Nadler a
thousand times the first time within
seconds of his opening remarks the House
Committee on the judiciary will come to
order
without objection the chair is
authorized to declare recesses of the
committee to object objection noted
we're off to a flying start that's how
the whole thing went the Republicans you
know they don't really have the defense
of the plan is to lay down as many speed
bumps as possible the strategy was to
run out the clock with point of order
after point of order mr. chairman the
gentleman from Georgia is another point
of order chairman you have to record his
lady's point of order mr. chairman my
point of order is this in the previous
point of order you ruled against his
point of order
well you let him finish his point of
order point of order my point of order
is that you were out of order in your
ruling well I made a point of order and
you won't rule on it I have not heard a
point of order chairman printed as a
point of order you state your point of
order the point of order is this that is
a point of order that is not a
it is not a point of order the committee
is in order well would you rule on my
original point of order that is not a
point of order it is a point of order
there's no it's not a point of order
that's my point of order he should not
be a it's not a point of order this
whole Court is point of order it was
quite a day today and with all this
acrimony going back and forth between
the parties the White House's report is
shockingly reached a deal with House
Democrats has nothing to do with
impeachment that's happening the deal is
that Trump will get to create his space
force and in exchange the Democrats get
new parental leave benefits for federal
workers it's exciting now federal
employees will be able to spend 12 weeks
with their newborn children before they
are shot into outer space or I don't
know how it works attacking about this
must have been a tough negotiation for
Mike Pence
because who on the one hand he
desperately wants to be our space
commander but on the other hand he gets
a panic attack anytime anyone mentions
female reproduction so but it's a rare
sign of cooperation between parties and
believe it or not Donald Trump supports
paid family leave you know he paid Marla
and Ivana to leave the family meanwhile
the president's lawyer Rudy Giuliani has
been prepping his own case in Ukraine
he's been there Trump says he plans to
deliver a report based on new
information he uncovered there last week
Giuliani has extensive ties to the
region both through his legal work and
his extended family in nearby
Transylvania and now all we have to do
is figure out how that ship his coffin
home and look out hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
give back this holiday season by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you don't support that you are a
box